feat(wizard): new step by step guide TRNG-1124 (#180)
Innoactive/Creator: .Documentation/articles/setup-guides/03-xr-setup.md

# XR Setup

## VR Headset SDK

You need to add an SDK package for every VR headset you want to use with your application.

If you use an Oculus headset, go to `Unity > Edit > Project Settings... > XR Plug-in Management`. Press `Install XR Plug-in Management`. Let Unity import assets and click `Install Oculus XR Plugin`.

> > Check out our [community](https://innoactive.io/creator/community) for a detail explanation of [how to configure the project for using Oculus Quest and Oculus Quest 2](https://spectrum.chat/innoactive-creator/general/standalone-devices-oculus-quest-2~6d7dbafd-02b8-4340-b752-4caea2c66113).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Check out our [community](https://innoactive.io/creator/community) for a detailed explanation on [how to configure the project for using Oculus Quest and Oculus Quest 2](https://spectrum.chat/innoactive-creator/general/standalone-devices-oculus-quest-2~6d7dbafd-02b8-4340-b752-4caea2c66113).
```
